Hello Mr. Xu, long time no see.
Hello Miss Third, hello, long time no see.
Is this your young master?
Hello, hello.
Who is this?
Hello Mr. Xu, my name is Yaoyao. Yaoyao?
I heard that your young master Sun has found a place to live in.
That must be this person.
Hello, Mrs. Sun, hello.
Isn't this Mr. Xu?
I'll give it a try.
Okay, okay, what is Mrs. Sun?
What's so great about it?
Nothing special.
Why hasn't it been your turn yet?
Mom, don't say that.
Everyone thinks they are a family on the boat
Who is with your family?
I warn you
Just play and play
Don't get sick
Who knows if others are willing to admit it?
Okay, okay
Mr. Sun and Mrs. Sun are here.
The rich cat is here, right?
Mr. Jiang is young
Yongwei seems to be the heir to the Jiang family
It’s also the one I love only for you
Where is your grandfather?
he is playing outside
let us not wait
What are you wearing today?
Don't know
I really thought you were some sort of show that everyone would return to.
Aren't you cold in what you're wearing today?
I'll go to the bathroom first